fix anchors (#35863)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/tabs/connect/index.md

## Examples

> In this example a background script listens for a click on a [browser action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Anatomy_of_a_WebExtension#sidebars_popups_and_options_pages_2), then connects to the currently active tab, then sends a message using the `Port` that's returned from `connect()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example a background script listens for a click on a [browser action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Toolbar_button), then connects to the currently active tab, then sends a message using the `Port` that's returned from `connect()`:
```
